Use wrapping_add to calculate DMA addresses (#49)
cyberus-technology/usbvfiod: docs/developers/guidelines.md

# Code Guidelines

This document lists code design and style choices that developers
should adhere to when modifying or extending the source code.

## DMA Address Calculations 

When calculating DMA addresses to access guest memory, you should use
wrap-around calculations such as `u64::wrapping_add`.

Overflows in addresses calculations should not occur during normal
operation, only when the USB driver in the guest wants to shoot
itself in the foot. In such cases, we want to behave like a physical
XHCI controller and wrap around.

> If we used normal calculations, the behavior in overflow situations
> would differ between builds:
> 
> - debug builds crash when an overflow occurs due to inserted overflow
> checks
> - release build perform wrap-around on overflow

Reviewer: This is correct, but with the listing at a glance it looks like that is the "wanted" behavior. Maybe just:

```suggestion
Explicitly treating the calculations as wrapping aligns the behavior between debug and release builds.
```
